📝 Add 100 transcript (#8)
shipshapecode/www-website: transcripts/100.md

> [00:00:00] Robbie: What's going on everybody? This is Whiskey, Web, and Whatnot. With myself, Robbie, the Wagner, and my co-host, as always, Charles William Carpenter III. So yeah, We tried to have, Kelly Vaughn, Chris Coyer, Scott Linsky, Wes Bos, and Tracy, I'm blanking on Tracy's last name, Lee. Yeah, yeah. Um, it's fine. We're, we do what we want. We,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[00:00:00] Robbie: What's going on everybody? This is Whiskey Web and Whatnot. With myself, RobbieTheWagner, and my co-host, as always, Charles William Carpenter III. So yeah, We tried to have, Kelly Vaughn, Chris Coyier, Scott Tolinski, Wes Bos, and Tracy, I'm blanking on Tracy's last name, Lee. Yeah, yeah. Um, it's fine. We're, we do what we want. We,
```

[00:00:29] Chuck: Yeah. Uh, and.

[00:00:31] Robbie: frazzled today. I will

[00:00:32] Chuck: Yep. Some, some folks we try to have some folks on and record all at the same time. And, when you need to have many Internets working well, , often that's not the case. I guess we just need to realize that even in 2023, internet speeds are a problem and infrastructure as an issue. But we try to have some, fun folks on and. Talk whiskey and speak about many other internet things. Unfortunately we were only able to cobble together about 30 minutes of it and we lost Kelly and all of that. So sorry. Kel Chicken Cock. Um, enjoy what you're about to hear.

> [00:01:07] Robbie: What's going on everybody? Welcome to another Whiskey Web and hatnot. Special hundredth episode edition with lots of fancy guests. And myself, Robbie, the Wagner, and my co-host, as always, Charles William Carpenter III. So yeah.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[00:01:07] Robbie: What's going on everybody? Welcome to another Whiskey Web and Whatnot. Special hundredth episode edition with lots of fancy guests. And myself, RobbieTheWagner, and my co-host, as always, Charles William Carpenter III. So yeah.
```

[00:01:26] Chuck: of what, what? I dunno. I'm seeing all

[00:01:28] Robbie: cuz there's so many people.

[00:01:29] Chuck: the Brady Bunch. Yes.

[00:01:30] Robbie: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't really know how to introduce this many people. Let's just go through, and for most people have probably heard of all of you, but if you wanna give a quick intro into who you are, we'll start with Chris.

> [00:01:41] Chris: Hey, what's up? Thanks for having me guys. I just saw you in person just the other week and, and, and Kellyann. Scott and Tracy. Oh my God. Everybody but Wes, sorry buddy. You you missed Render. Who's the place, who's the fricking place to be, man? I own and operate a website called CodePen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[00:01:41] Chris: Hey, what's up? Thanks for having me guys. I just saw you in person just the other week and, and, and Kelly and Scott and Tracy. Oh my God. Everybody but Wes, sorry buddy. You you missed Render. It's the place, it's the fricking place to be, man. I own and operate a website called CodePen.
```

[00:02:00] That's my fame and fortune at the moment, and uh, I'm glad to be here. Congratulations on a hundred too, by the way, fella. It's a big

[00:02:07] Robbie: Thanks.

[00:02:08] Chuck: yeah, it's a lot of free time is what it is, Chris. Thank you though.
All righty. Actually brings us to Scott.

> [00:02:16] Scott: Hey, what's up? My name is Scott Linsky. I am the co-host of the Syntax podcast and formerly of Level Up Tutorials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[00:02:16] Scott: Hey, what's up? My name is Scott Tolinski. I am the co-host of the Syntax podcast and formerly of Level Up Tutorials.
```
